"""
columns siginifaction (personal research) :

id: participant id

N_Days: number of treatment days

Drug: medication or placebo

Age: age (days)

Sex: male or female

Ascites: ascites is the accumulation of protein-containing fluid in the abdomen (yes or no)

Hepatomegaly: increased liver volume (yes or no)

Spiders: a "spider angioma" is a small skin lesion characterized by a central point surrounded by dilated blood vessels,
giving the appearance of spider legs. It can be associated with a variety of medical conditions, including liver disease. (yes or no)
Edema: Oedema (yes or no)

Bilirubin: Increased in the presence of cholestasis (disorders of biliary secretion) (yes or no) 
Cholesterol: 

Albumin: Albumin is the main transport protein in the blood. It transports small substances that would otherwise be eliminated by the kidneys,
These include hormones (particularly fat-soluble hormones), bilirubin, calcium and fatty acids.

Copper: copper levels in the blood: Copper is an essential trace element required for many biological functions, including hemoglobin formation, collagen synthesis and nervous system function, 
collagen synthesis and nervous system function. However, excessive or insufficient copper levels can be associated with health problems.

Alk_Phos: Elevated levels of alkaline phosphatase may be a sign of bone or liver disease, or bile duct obstruction.

SGOT: Aspartate aminotransferase (ASAT or SGOT) is an enzyme found in many tissues, particularly liver and muscle, including heart muscle. 
Its measurement is mainly indicated for the diagnosis and monitoring of liver disease. A low AST level has no clinical significance.

Tryglicerides: When elevated, we speak of hypertriglyceridemia. The cause of high triglycerides is generally multifactorial, and often associated with overweight,
sedentary lifestyle and poor eating habits.

Platelets: In most of case, the reference value for platelets is between 150,000 and 300,000/mm3.
Thrombocytopenia occurs when platelet counts fall below 150,000/mm3.

Prothrombin: The prothrombin level is measured to assess blood coagulation within the body. It is used to monitor anticoagulant therapy.
This biological examination can also be used to reveal certain dysfunctions such as hemostasis and liver disorders.

Stage: what stage of the disease

Status: label the training dataset; Status is the categorical target; C (censored) indicates the patient was alive at N_Days,
CL indicates the patient was alive at N_Days due to liver a transplant, and D indicates the patient was deceased at N_Days.

"""